hi everyone I'm showing Jackson chief
operating officer from precursor names
what a great first few days that we've
had for our Kickstarter campaign for
shadow of the eternals we've raised over
168,000 and garnered 4100 backers and it
keeps climbing and we're a super super
pleased to have you guys at back this
project and can't thank you enough
because of the tremendous support that
we've seen from our backers so far we
are pleased to see that we are number
one on qik track for those of you don't
know what kick track is it is a website
that follows Kickstarter's and it ranks
all the different Kickstarter's based on
popularity so we're super excited to to
see that we are in the number one
position on the popular list and the
trending list and we can't thank you
guys not we've listened to our fan
feedback in our community in feedback
and we are aiming for 2 to 3 updates a
week this way people have time to digest
the information and give us feedback on
how we're doing for our new backers I
invite you to go to our forums and there
you'll find things like the chronicles
of the order a completely
community-driven newsletter where people
write about what's happening in the
community and and all the all the trends
that are happening in within the order
of the unsee all the things that you can
find there are podcasts we have a
precursor podcast and we also have a
community-driven podcast which gives you
a lot of great information
information on what's happening with the
campaign one of the pillars at here at
precursor games is opening up avenues
for our community to actually create
content for the game and one of those
avenues is the creation of our elder
gods and here we actually saw people
contribute stories as well as artwork
for these things and it was a great
response and Dennis will give you an
update later this week on the progress
of that another thing that we want to
open up is the creation and design of
enemies so this is a new and exciting
thing that we are going to be opening up
to our our backers and our current
community members so everyone can
participate and get their ideas in not
only our people directly contributing
content to shadow of the Eternals they
are directly contributing to our
Kickstarter campaign and recently we
just had a t-shirt design contest and
those winners will be announced later
this week the winning design for that
t-shirt contest will be announced as an
add-on for our Kickstarter and we look
forward to showing the talent and the
creativity that is involved in the order
of the unseen we have lots of great
videos that are up and coming for shadow
of the eternals Kickstarter campaign
videos such as combat magic exploration
and discovery these videos will give you
an idea of the moment moment gameplay
and the experience that you can expect
out of shadow of the eternals
we've done a great job so far in raising
money for our Kickstarter campaign for
shadow of the eternals but we still got
a long way to go we need your help to
help spread the word and get the word
out there to people who are interested
in compelling story driven games and for
for people who want to be involved in
game creation we're providing a unique
opportunity to get involved and directly
contribute to this game so keep up the
great work and we'll keep providing you
with great updates and there's a lot
more stuff to reveal so stay tuned
thanks everyone